
Gilt Groupe Play Application Template
https://github.com/gilt/activator-gilt-app

Tricks and Tips With Type Classes in Scala
https://github.com/dickwall/activator-typeclass-tips

Play Framework, AngularJS, WebJars, and RequireJS Seed
https://github.com/mariussoutier/play-angular-require-seed

Skalholt Code Generator for Play Framework and Slick
https://github.com/tech-sketch/skalholt

Config, Guice, Akka and Spray
https://github.com/ehalpern/sandbox

Play Framework using Macwire for dependency injection
https://github.com/sameergarg/macwire-di

Akka and Spray
https://github.com/eigengo/activator-akka-spray

Hello Play Framework 2.3 (Scala Only)
https://github.com/typesafehub/activator-hello-play-2_3-scala

Event Driven Redis Twitter Clone
https://github.com/pkinsky/ClockworkSemaphore

Test Patterns in Scala!
https://github.com/eptx/activator-test-patterns-scala

The Play Angular Seed Project
https://github.com/typesafehub/angular-seed-play

Hello Scala 2.11!
https://github.com/typesafehub/activator-hello-scala-2_11

Spray and Websocket interfaces to actors
https://github.com/cuali/SprayEasterEggs

Spray and Websocket interfaces to actors
https://github.com/cuali/SprayEasterEggs

Akka (Scala) Seed
https://github.com/alias1/akka-scala-seed

Play Slick quickstart
https://github.com/loicdescotte/activator-play-slick

Actor per-request model with spray
https://github.com/NET-A-PORTER/spray-actor-per-request

A basic Unfiltered project
https://github.com/chrislewis/activator-unfiltered-basic-project

Reactive Maps (Java 8)
https://github.com/typesafehub/ReactiveMapsJava

Hazelcast with Akka and Spray
https://github.com/dvallejo/hazelcast-scala-example

Reactive Salesforce REST Example
https://github.com/developerforce/reactive-salesforce-rest-angular-crud

Akka-camel / CXF / Weather web services integration
https://github.com/JSantosP/akka-camel-cxf-weather

Play with Guice
https://github.com/typesafehub/play-guice

Play Slick Bootstrap3
https://github.com/yugolf/play-slick-bootstrap3

Play Framework with Backbone.js
https://github.com/erdogany/hello-play-backbone

Play + Java + Spring
https://github.com/jamesward/play-java-spring

Reactive Snake - Akka Actor and Web Socket Example
https://github.com/stanska/snakeyard

Hello Akka!
https://github.com/typesafehub/activator-hello-akka

Activator Scalding
https://github.com/deanwampler/activator-scalding

Reactive Scales
https://github.com/typesafehub/reactive-scales

SBT runnable JMH benchmarks
https://github.com/ktoso/sbt-jmh-seed-activator

A basic Scala project
https://github.com/chrislewis/activator-basic-project

Tweetmap (Java 8)
https://github.com/retroryan/activator-tweetmap-java8

Reactive Stocks (Java 8)
https://github.com/typesafehub/reactive-stocks-java8

Just Play Java
https://github.com/julienrf/just-play-java

Slick Multi-DB Patterns
https://github.com/typesafehub/activator-slick-multidb

Slick Direct Embedding
https://github.com/typesafehub/activator-slick-direct

Spark Streaming with Scala
https://github.com/jaceklaskowski/spark-activator

Hello Scaloid!
https://github.com/pocorall/activator-hello-scaloid

SSE Chat Template with AngularJS
https://github.com/matthiasn/sse-chat

Akka with Custom Dispatcher
https://github.com/retroryan/activator-akka-custom-dispatcher

The Play Silhouette Seed Project
https://github.com/mohiva/play-silhouette-seed

SSE Chat Template with AngularJS (Java)
https://github.com/markusjura/sse-chat-java

Camel message processing using the Scala DSL
https://github.com/hilton/activator-camel-http

Just Play! Java
https://github.com/julienrf/just-play-java

Using a customized Slick code generator
https://github.com/slick/slick-codegen-customization-example

Google Glass Mirror API in Spray and Akka
https://github.com/eigengo/activator-mirror

HTML 5 Device Orientation with play, ember and websockets
https://github.com/teroxik/reactive-orientation

Salesforce Developer Workshop for Java
https://github.com/developerforce/salesforce-developer-workshop-java

6 Minute Apps!
https://github.com/jamesward/six-minute-apps

Monitoring Akka with Kamon and Statsd
https://github.com/muuki88/activator-akka-kamon

Simple Binary Encoding (SBE) with Scala
https://github.com/jamie-allen/sbe-scala-example

Atomic Scala Examples
https://github.com/AtomicScala/atomic-scala-examples

Finagle quickstart
https://github.com/jkal/finagle-quickstart-activator

Akka and Cassandra
https://github.com/eigengo/activator-akka-cassandra

Akka Callcenter
https://github.com/qcentic/activator-callcenter

Hello Play Framework (Scala Only)
https://github.com/typesafehub/activator-hello-play-scala

Agile Android with scala Example
https://github.com/luismfonseca/agile-scala-android-example

Dart + Akka + Spray
https://github.com/lucperkins/dart-spray-akka-example

The Eventual PlayFramework-AngularJS-Bootstrap-MongoDB Seed Project
https://github.com/angyjoe/eventual

Play Slick Securesocial Bootstrap3 Reactive Quickstart
https://github.com/raisercostin/securesocial-slick-bootstrap3-sample

Akka Streams Workshop: Exercises & Examples
https://github.com/retroryan/streams-workshop

Spark Workshop
https://github.com/deanwampler/spark-workshop

Play with Spring Data Jpa
https://github.com/typesafehub/play-spring-data-jpa

Enterprise Cloud Web Portal
https://github.com/ACenterAInc/acentera-web

Hello Play Framework (Java Only)
https://github.com/typesafehub/activator-hello-play-java

Slick Direct Embedding (Slick 2.1)
https://github.com/typesafehub/activator-slick-direct

Akka Streams with Scala!
https://github.com/typesafehub/activator-akka-stream-scala

AngularJS Play Mongo
https://github.com/lashford/modern-web-template

Play Slick with Typesafe IDs
https://github.com/VirtusLab/activator-play-advanced-slick

Akka Scala Guice
https://github.com/rocketraman/activator-akka-scala-guice

Computer Database Scala
https://github.com/typesafehub/activator-computer-database-scala

Akka IO over TCP, Spray and MySQL Reactive
https://github.com/vngrs/tcp-async

BigPipe using Play, RxJava, and Hystrix
https://github.com/knutwalker/play-bigpipe-with-rxjava-hystrix

Spark Streaming with Scala and Akka
https://github.com/jaceklaskowski/spark-activator

Play Start Application
https://github.com/yesnault/PlayStartApp

Scala Library Seed
https://github.com/jamesward/scala-library-seed

Distributed workers with Akka and Java!
https://github.com/typesafehub/activator-akka-distributed-workers-java

Building native server packages
https://github.com/muuki88/sbt-native-package-server

Lolcode DSL and reactive interpreter
https://github.com/JSantosP/lolcode-dsl

Akka Supervision (Scala)
https://github.com/typesafehub/activator-akka-supervision

Play AngularJs Webapp Seed
https://github.com/knockingspirit/paws

Hello, Apache Spark!
https://github.com/jaceklaskowski/spark-activator

Apache Spark in Action
https://github.com/jaceklaskowski/spark-activator

Hello Akka (Java 8)
https://github.com/typesafehub/activator-hello-akka-java8

Slick Multi-DB Patterns (Slick 2.1)
https://github.com/typesafehub/activator-slick-multidb

Akka Java Spring
https://github.com/typesafehub/activator-akka-java-spring

Distributed workers with Akka and Scala!
https://github.com/typesafehub/activator-akka-distributed-workers

Play Iteratees
https://github.com/alpeb/play-iteratees

Go Reactive with Java 8 & Play Framework
https://github.com/typesafehub/activator-reactive-java8-play

Hello Scala!
https://github.com/typesafehub/activator-hello-scala

Akka Circuit Breaker with Java!
https://github.com/TNG/akka-circuit-breaker-activator-template

Hello ScalikeJDBC!
https://github.com/scalikejdbc/hello-scalikejdbc

Akka Cluster Sharding with Scala!
https://github.com/typesafehub/activator-akka-cluster-sharding-scala

An introduction to sbt
https://github.com/typesafehub/hello-sbt

Minimal Scala Seed
https://github.com/typesafehub/activator-minimal-scala

Akka persistence event sourcing
https://github.com/ScalaConsultants/akka-persistence-eventsourcing

Reactive Maps
https://github.com/typesafehub/ReactiveMaps

Play Cake Pattern (Scala)
https://github.com/kaeawc/play-cake-pattern

Play Example Form
https://github.com/jamesward/play-example-form

Play Slick AngularJS Bootstrap H2 Tests Example
https://github.com/fosco-maestro/play-slick-angular-test-example

CEP with Akka and Esper or Streams
https://github.com/fsauer65/akka-esper-integration

Reactive Stocks with Vaadin
https://github.com/mstahv/vaadin-in-akka

Hello Scaladin!
https://github.com/tepi/hello-scaladin

Reactive Salesforce Seed with REST and JavaScript
https://github.com/developerforce/reactive-salesforce-rest-javascript-seed

Akka Scala Spring
https://github.com/ouertani/akka-scala-spring

A Play Silhouette Slick Seed Project
https://github.com/sne11ius/play-silhouette-slick-seed

Scala Testing
https://github.com/typesafehub/activator-scala-testing

Reactive Turtle
https://github.com/ktonga/reactive-turtle

Template template
https://github.com/schaloner/activator-template-template

Scala on Android with Macroid and Akka
https://github.com/macroid/macroid-akka-pingpong

CEP with Akka and Esper
https://github.com/fsauer65/akka-esper-integration

Akka Clustered PubSub with Scala!
https://github.com/typesafehub/activator-akka-clustering

Akka cluster with Docker
https://github.com/muuki88/activator-akka-docker

Reactive App generated with EasyMda
https://github.com/robinbakkerus/reactive-gen-easymda

Computer Database Java
https://github.com/typesafehub/activator-computer-database-java

Hello Slick!
https://github.com/typesafehub/activator-hello-slick

Reactive Real-time Search
https://github.com/DrewEaster/realtime-search

Salesforce Canvas Seed
https://github.com/developerforce/salesforce-canvas-seed

Slick TestKit Example
https://github.com/typesafehub/activator-slick-testkit-example

Reactive Stocks
https://github.com/typesafehub/reactive-stocks

WebJars Sample for Play 2.x
https://github.com/webjars/sample-play2

Slick Play AngularJS SecureSocial Seed
https://github.com/spass/spass

Slick with Android Example
https://github.com/pulsation/slick-android-example

Play Framework using Scalatest for testing and SubCut for configuration
https://github.com/dickwall/activator-play-subcut

Play (Scala) with play-yeoman
https://github.com/tuplejump/activator-play-yeoman

Play Reactive Mongo application with KnockoutJS frontend
https://github.com/typesafehub/play-mongo-knockout

Gilt Groupe Library Seed
https://github.com/gilt/activator-gilt-lib

Play Akka Angular WebSocket
https://github.com/gigiigig/play-akka-angular-websocket

Play Framework with Websocket implementation, statefull/stateless
https://github.com/TPTeam/play_websocket_example

Akka Tracing
https://github.com/levkhomich/activator-akka-tracing

Hello Scala!
https://github.com/tflander/activator-hello-scala

Play with Squeryl
https://github.com/jamesward/play2bars-squeryl

Hello Slick! (Slick 2.1)
https://github.com/typesafehub/activator-hello-slick

Minimal Java Seed
https://github.com/typesafehub/activator-minimal-java

Super Slick Play
https://github.com/mkelland/activator-play-slick

Slick TestKit Example (Slick 2.1)
https://github.com/typesafehub/activator-slick-testkit-example

Play 2.3 Multidomain Seed
https://github.com/adrianhurt/play-multidomain-seed

Play Framework with Slick back-end for JQuery UI Sortable
https://github.com/hilton/activator-slick-sortable

Hello Play Framework!
https://github.com/typesafehub/activator-hello-play

No-framework Dependency Injection with MacWire and Play Activator
https://github.com/adamw/macwire-activator

Play Framework Akka Cluster Frontend with AngularJS and RequireJS
https://github.com/muuki88/activator-play-cluster-sample

Scaldi Play Example
https://github.com/scaldi/scaldi-play-example

Slick Plain SQL Queries (Slick 2.1)
https://github.com/typesafehub/activator-slick-plainsql

Easy setup of sbt-managed projects on GitHub with Travis CI, coveralls and others
https://github.com/jaceklaskowski/sbt-github-project-template

Play Slick Backbone Todo List Example
https://github.com/jmparsons/play-scala-backbone-todo

A little phantom type sample
https://github.com/dickwall/activator-scala-phantom

Play Framework with AngularJS and RequireJS
https://github.com/mariussoutier/play-angular-require-seed

Slick Plain SQL Queries
https://github.com/typesafehub/activator-slick-plainsql

Akka IO with Spray Client
https://github.com/eigengo/activator-spray-twitter

Play SQLite (Scala)
https://github.com/kaeawc/play-sqlite

ROCA example built with Play
https://github.com/innoq/activator-play-roca

Play Framework + HBase
https://github.com/typesafehub/activator-play-hbase

Scaldi Akka Example
https://github.com/scaldi/scaldi-akka-example

Just Play Scala
https://github.com/julienrf/just-play-scala

ReactiveMongo Play Autosource
https://github.com/mandubian/activator-play-autosource-reactivemongo

Anonymous Chat
https://github.com/anhminh1981/anonymous_chat

Play + Java + CRUD
https://github.com/hakandilek/play2-crud-activator

Play Framework SSL/TLS Example
https://github.com/wsargent/activator-play-tls-example

Just Play! Scala
https://github.com/julienrf/just-play-scala

Using Slicks default code generator
https://github.com/slick/slick-codegen-example

Tweetmap Workshop Template
https://github.com/retroryan/activator-tweetmap-workshop

Processing RabbitMQ messages using Akka Streams
https://github.com/jczuchnowski/rabbitmq-akka-stream

Play Framework with Reactive Mongo Driver
https://github.com/TPTeam/reactive_mongo_example

